Update-repo-not-updated.md (#44644)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/how-to/repo-not-updated.md

3. If clicking on the `Refresh Now` button has triggered the repository to be updated instantly for you then congratulations! You can now move on from this troubleshooting guide!
4. If clicking on the `Refresh Now` button does not work for you, try using webhooks following the instructions detailed in our [Repository Webhooks Docs](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/webhooks#webhook-for-manually-telling-sourcegraph-to-update-a-repository)
5. Look for errors related to this repository in gitserver logs, which should help you to determine the next best course of action.

> 6. Check the size of repository, if it's a large repository it may take long time to sync and update. To find the size of your .git directory where the repository resides, you may use our [`git-stats` script](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/monorepo#statistics). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Check the size of the repository. If it's a large repository, it may take a long time to sync and update. To find the size of your .git directory where the repository resides, you may use our [`git-stats` script](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/monorepo#statistics). 
```

> 6. Check the size of repository, if it's a large repository it may take long time to sync and update. To find the size of your .git directory where the repository resides, use command `du – sh .git`. You can use command `git count-objects -v` to count the number of unpacked object files and disk space consumed by them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Check the size of repository, if it's a large repository it may take long time to sync and update. To find the size of your .git directory where the repository resides, you may use our (`git-stats` script)[https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/monorepo#statistics]. You may also use command `du – sh .git` to get the size, and command `git count-objects -v` to count the number of unpacked object files and disk space consumed by them. 
```

Reviewer 2: This is the semi official script to gather info we try to collect when we're dealing with a large repo.

> 7. Check the allocated resources to see the instance has enough resources to process the repositories sych using our [Resource Estimator](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/deploy/resource_estimator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Check the allocated resources to see if the instance has enough resources to process the repository sync using our [Resource Estimator](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/deploy/resource_estimator)
```

> 8. Check the codehost connection from sourcegraph instance, if there is any issue it needs to be resolved for the repository to sync and update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Check the code host connection from your Sourcegraph instance. If there is any issue, it needs to be resolved for the repository to sync and update.
```
